I mean it's a very funny girl but also
it's a romantic film she is so beautiful
and the herd
Amber Heard yes I got sort of a callback
to like you know the old school movie
stars of nearly as beautiful as Carey
Mulligan nearly she's running there her
on the verge yeah she's human she scrubs
into a room with Amber Heard last week
and I almost fell over I couldn't look
her in the eye she's sort of blinding
she is beautiful yeah even I noticed
she's incredible creativity so she
really is now it strikes me that in the
beginning agree you must have had so
much pressure to go down the kind of
handsome leading man route and was it
hard to resist you are you answer
I think it's been tough on Ricky he
suffers
how do you do your pal come on do it
what power what about come on how did
you stole off me by the way I really
love your band thank you I mean do
appreciate that
Java's Cockerell is and gentlemen
Kaka from blur
more stars that are on heaven
cuz I think what's amazing about you is
that you have turned by being a real
kind of character actor into like you're
the best character actor in the world
well you are you to learn well good most
character actors first guide you are
gonna kind of also appearing you've
turned being a character actor into a
global superstar no I think it's more
like some some form of schizophrenia
that has just worked for me because
those characters are so big the caption
Joe Jack Sparrow's and Willy Wonka and
Mad Hatter news do you come to the set
with those fully formed or do you work
with the director or how does it happen
that you create those yeah generally
they're born out of whatever they're
born out of you know I've had you know
characters born out of don't get excited
the sauna you know being an extreme take
it easy
you can feeling coming on K the audience
are always gonna be on your side
know these characters that are born out
of you know sort of strange you know
extreme heat or whatever you know these
thoughts and stuff and you bring it to
set and then there's what I enjoy really
is the sort of extreme quiet at the end
of the first take you know your action
you go into you a bit and then suddenly
you hear cut
so exactly pleasure when the studio
executives are kind of like oh yeah of
course I think that's the only way you
know you're doing the right thing so
today the usually have a conversation
with you are you doing that for the
whole film generally starts with what is
wrong with you
what's happened what's wrong with you
horrible is it but you come with you
know you know the kind of oh you're just
swinging you have a you look you know
big stick and you start swinging it kind
of thing and you just hope that it'll be
all right he's broke a window sort of
lemon through a window smashed the
window I did it yeah very tactical
Johnny everything's he's shy
okay um but he wasn't shy this day and
he's got a wicked sense of humor if
people knew what he was really like his
career would be over so in one scene I'm
helping I'm soaping Warwick gets shoved
down a toilet as you do right and I'm
sort of bending his legs and I'm going
this all right if I said if it breaks we
get another one in right I'm pushing
down too and I'm laughing a Warrick's
laughing and at one point those look at
Johnny I turn around and Johnny Depp is
going you don't mind if I masturbate
what you doing
and someone took a picture of the moment
but he'd stopped by then so I think
we've got that here we've got the
picture just been to you then never I'd
finished by this
Oh
now so you are in life's too short the
pictures we saw there it starts on 10th
of November and you're in episode 2 so
Ricky is it fair to say this is more
like extras than the office um it's sort
of a cost between the two really it's a
fake documentary like the office but
it's at the backdrop of media like
extras that's but if the office sort of
reflected those quaint docu soaps of the
90s where normal people were trying to
be famous like David Brent
you know this is much more today where
it's or d-list celebrities living their
life like an open wound to try and be on
you know I mean and Warwick the Warwick
they said like Peter Andre karanji no I
I won't dissing and
I suppose it's um he's got a terrible
accountant so he's got a tax bill his
careers on the slide he's not getting
the films anymore
he's going through a messy divorce so he
agrees to do this fly-on-the-wall let
the cameras into his house 24/7 to try
and get back on the top and he's he's
manipulative he runs an agency but he
steals all the best jobs for himself and
he just lets out the other Dwarfs for
you no you look human bowling balls and
stuff Johnny and is playing himself and
he's doing a new Tim Burton film
Rumpelstiltskin and he's playing a dwarf
so he wants to get in the head of a
little Bertie your face before yeah
okay honestly it was an incredible day
it was the last day of shooting and um
it was it was amazing all the things he
came up with making Warrick do it you
made him do Michael Flatley it came out
of nowhere and just going made him
dancing made walk danced for about eight
minutes we've got a clip of Johnny and
Borak and yourself and Steven
in terms of controversy Ricky you are
not shy you you do like well I know you
lied you like getting in trouble do you
like I don't get into trouble I'm a
comedian Fred West gets into trouble
there's pedophiles with careers what am
i overdone
at the end of the Golden Globes this in
case you'd left anyone on a Fed dude how
did you sign off I just thanked everyone
and I said and of course thanks to God
for making me an atheist would you can
say here but in America they take that
sub very seriously whoa yeah I think
it's it's sort of um I think it's about
10% atheist I think here's about 45%
atheist but um yeah they were offended
by it I thought it was that's only
because God lives in the Midwest doesn't
he oh yeah he's got a place there yeah
the next day was it after the Golden
Globes that you someone sent you the
picture of the church oh yeah you know
that's I think some some reverend
somewhere or some bishop and did a
sermon for me to save my soul because
some I'm going to have of course this is
picture of the thing it's gent that's
that's real no it's really a sermon for
Refugees and then was it the same day of
the next day that someone's in LA
there's a difference in New York they
named a sandwich after me see it in the
window there a sandwich for Ricky
Gervais I'm going to hell but there's
cheese and ham
that's different your comedian but as
actors I don't do you need to be more
careful about you say and do because
Johnny I heard it could zoom me because
your Johnny Depp like I read a story but
was it cause of your coming from Lima to
Miami I think you were stopped at
customs oh yeah yeah and any of you
hadn't been Johnny Depp the what he
wouldn't have stopped you with it well
it's kind of an interesting route anyway
Lima Peru to Miami does sound a drug rod
there are already expecting things and I
did have some things and yeah there was
a kind of a soft bag and the customs guy
said you might opening this up well said
he said he said first I said what is in
there I said stuffed piranhas sorry
stuff piranhas and some vampire bats
unzipped and then there just happened to
be some sort of vitamin powder that I
was taking at the time yeah I mean I
know serious I'd still be in jail and
they when I unzipped it you know I know
these piranhas and bats covered in white
powder for authors and BOTS
never mind the coke right
but why did you promise him back and it
was important to have them I had to
bring them home yeah but the guy thought
he'd found the mother lode you know he
must've been so excited oh god it was oh
yeah
to Honda he didn't go through with it
just so you know how did you how did you
say to me still a virgin I was a virgin
until repeat don't you say do you say
that's vitamin powder don't worry about
it any believed you is that is that real
they really do not believe me now right
so what I do get everybody came out with
guns and things like that
you know but did you put a knife in your
and guard the rigging trouble of customs
I didn't you remember immigration in the
States one time I was going in and I
panicked because the guy was like yeah
so what'd you do and I goes I'm a
comedian so he straight away goes well
tell me a joke and I just panicked I was
like if this joke isn't funny he's not
gonna believe me and I can't get in to
his I got astray by God what'd he call
an American oh no that's gonna work just
like off I say something terrorism in a
rant like that is gonna and I just I
just panicked and I get a chemical joke
that wasn't that funny I goes I goes why
do Morris Dancers wear bells so the
blind can be irritated by them as well
know what Morris dancer is we didn't
kiss he came back what was basically the
worst heckle I've ever had in my career
original ed I'm gonna put actor
right if we're good night let's have a
story or two in the red chair so who's
up first
hello sir oh no hi what's your name
Mohammed okay and what do you do Mahmoud
I'm wait I'm a student I shouldn't of
radiography radiography a proper job
well when I was seven years old I went
on a holiday with my mother to Egypt and
during my time there I saw a donkey that
was fully erect okay do you mean do you
mean he was standing up so what's the
big it tell us your best story I saw a
donkey with an erection so you were
shocked Mohamed I was shots I'll put on
lullaby I was like mum mum what's this
thing hanging out and then she said it's
a spare leg I was like what's it for
and then she replied when donkeys are
happy they have five legs and when
they're sad they only have four so a
week after I went back to school and my
teacher asked us to draw a picture in a
bit racy
to
I dream till pictures of a donkey one
was happy
another one was sad when I'm sorry even
have it you can go
hello hi hey whatwhat's your name my
name is Brooke Brooke and what do you do
um I work in PR oh yes very vague
off you go Brooke preview word Alexa
sale okay um I actually have a story
about one of your guests uh I was riding
the tube home from work one day and I
saw someone who looked suspiciously like
a celebrity that I happened to a door
and he was wearing a stocking cap and
some sunglasses and I noticed that he
had a tattoo on his arm that said Jack
and I thought oh my goodness and I
leaned over and I said excuse me are you
who I think you are and he looks up at
me and he said why yes I'm a Brad Pitt
needless to say it wasn't Brad Pitt and
I got a great photo with mr. Johnny Depp
on the platform at Bank Station true
- no evidence on the - yeah I think you
mister step you were with a BBC oh I I
think you might just have a picture with
some man or bizarrely a picture with
Brad pitch take picture now I want a
picture now that's very nice
it's really nice to see you again
Parsa breaking sound time together and
we'll take a screen grab of you there
you go I will get that to you all right
well done via our website at this
address and thank you so much my guest
tonight as Snow Patrol